---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# AI Classroom

This learning environment is using "AI Classroom" provided by Skills Network. AI Classroom is an interactive learning environment to explore and master AI skills like prompt engineering, and large language model selection.

### Layout

#### Right side: 
The AI Classroom resides here, providing various functionalities (see below).

#### Left side: 
This area is divided into two sections:
- Tai's Chat Interface: Holds chat history between learner and Tai, and learner message input field
- Lab instructions: Guides the learner through their learning activities.

### AI Classroom Functionalities

AI Classroom provides a learning environment with chatrooms called "Chats", offering learners various functionalities:

### Chatroom Actions

 - Send messages: Learners can communicate with the selected LLM within the chatroom.
 - Rename: Learners can modify the name of a chatroom.
 - Delete: Learners can remove a chatroom.
 - Duplicate: Learners can create a copy of an existing chatroom with the same settings. Duplicating a chatroom will not copy over the chat history.

### Chatroom Settings

 - Select LLM: Learners can choose from a pool of available Large Language Models (LLMs) to interact with within the chatroom.
 - Prompt Instructions (optional): Learners can provide additional guidance to the LLM by adding introductory text to their prompts. This can influence the LLM's response towards the desired outcome.

_Important Note: After sending the first message in a chatroom, learners cannot modify the LLM or prompt instructions. To change these settings, learners need to either duplicate the chatroom or create a new one._

### Usage Limits

Learners have a daily limit of $1 to use AI Classroom's language models. Once they reach this limit, they won't be able to get responses until the next day when the limit resets.

Images generated by DALL-E and other image models expire after 2 hours.

### Supported Models:

**Anthropic**
  - Claude 3 Haiku
  - Claude 3.5 Sonnet (June 2024)
  - Claude 3.5 Sonnet (October 2024)
  - Claude 3.7 Sonnet
  - Claude 3 Opus
  - Claude 4 Opus
  - Claude 4 Sonnet

**DeepSeek Models**
  - DeepSeek R1
  - DeepSeek V3
  - DeepSeek R1 Distill Llama 70B
  - DeepSeek R1 Distill Qwen 14B
  - DeepSeek R1 Distill Qwen 1.5B

**Google Gemini/Gemma Models**
  - Gemini 1.5 Flash
  - Gemini 1.5 Flash 8B
  - Gemini 2.0 Flash Lite
  - Gemini 2.0 Flash Thinking Exp
  - Gemma 3 1B IT
  - Gemma 3 4B IT
  - Gemma 3 12B IT
  - Gemma 3 27B IT

**Watsonx Models**
  - Granite 3 8B Instruct
  - Granite 8B Code Instruct
  - Granite 3.2 8B Instruct
  - Granite 3.3 8B Instruct
  - Mistral Small 3.1 24B Instruct 2503
  - Mistral Large
  - Mistral Medium 2505
  - Pixtral 12B
  - Llama 3 405B Instruct
  - Llama 3.2 1B Instruct
  - Llama 3.2 3B Instruct
  - Llama 3.3 70B Instruct
  - Llama 4 Maverick 17B 128E Instruct

**OpenAI Models**
  - GPT-3.5 Turbo
  - GPT-3.5 Turbo (Raw)
  - GPT-4 Turbo
  - GPT-4 Turbo (Raw)
  - GPT-4o
  - GPT-4o (Raw)
  - GPT-4o Mini
  - GPT-4o Mini (Raw)
  - GPT-4.1
  - GPT-4.1 Mini
  - GPT-4.1 Nano
  - GPT-5
  - GPT-5 Mini
  - GPT-5 Nano
  - GPT-5 Chat Latest
  - O3 Mini